A man must defend his home, his wife, his children, and his martini. -- Jackie Gleason

I never go jogging, it makes me spill my martini. -- George Burns

Shaken, not stirred. -- James Bond

Happiness is... finding two olives in your martini when you’re hungry. -- Johnny Carson

Zen martini: A martini with no vermouth at all. And no gin, either. -- P.J. O’Rourke

Gin, not vodka, obviously, stirred for ten seconds while glancing at an unopened bottle of vermouth. -- (Kingsman: The Secret Service)

The perfect dry martini recipe: drink gin while looking at a picture of the inventor of vermouth. -- (M*A*S*H)

Hearts full of youth! Hearts full of truth! Six parts gin to one part vermouth. -- Tom Lehrer (Bright College Days)

First and foremost, before we continue I'd like to make one thing perfectly clear: A martini is made with gin. If your martini is made with vodka, it is not, in fact, a martini. -- Sterling Archer (How To Archer)

The only proper way to make a martini is with ice-cold gin and a bow in the direction of France. -- Winston Churchill

A perfect Martini should be made by filling a glass with gin, and then waving it in the general direction of Italy. -- Noël Coward

A martini should always be stirred, not shaken, so that the molecules lie sensuously on top of one another. -- Somerset Maugham

The bitters are excellent for your liver, the gin is bad for you. They balance each other. -- Orson Welles

I prefer one with gin, but James Bond liked a vodka martini. -- Sir Roger Moore (The Guardian, 17/03/2015)

'Twas a woman who drove me to drink, and I never had the courtesy to thank her for it -- W.C. Fields

If you drink, don’t drive. Don’t even putt. -- Dean Martin

Happiness is a dry martini and a good woman... or a bad woman. -- George Burns

A classical Martini is made without Vermouth, although it is better with. -- Peter C Kroon

A classical Martini is made with up to 2 sizes of olives, although newer variants can contain up to three sizes of olives. -- Peter C Kroon
